add a faq entry about slow rollout of features (#8470)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/FAQ.md

{{host}}/api/v1/fleet/hosts?order_key=h.created_at&order_direction=desc&after=2022-10-22T20:22:03Z

```
## What can I do if Fleet is slow or unresponsive after enabling a feature?

Depending on your infrastructure capabilities, and the number of hosts enrolled into your Fleet instance, Fleet might be slow or unresponsive after globally enabling a feature like [software inventory](https://fleetdm.com/docs/deploying/configuration#software-inventory).

> In those cases, we recommend a slow roll-out by partially enabling the feature by teams using the `features` key of the [teams configuration](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/configuration-files#teams)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In those cases, we recommend a slow rollout by partially enabling the feature by teams using the `features` key of the [teams configuration](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/configuration-files#teams).
```
